docs: ability to set `type=wheelchair` for pedestrian costing (#5032)
valhalla/valhalla: docs/docs/api/turn-by-turn/api-reference.md

| `max_distance` | Sets the maximum total walking distance of a route. Default is 100 km (~62 miles). |
| `transit_start_end_max_distance` | A pedestrian option that can be added to the request to extend the defaults (2145 meters or approximately 1.5 miles). This is the maximum walking distance at the beginning or end of a route.|
| `transit_transfer_max_distance` | A pedestrian option that can be added to the request to extend the defaults (800 meters or 0.5 miles). This is the maximum walking distance between transfers.|

> | `type` | <ul><li>If set to `blind`, enables additional route instructions, especially useful for blind users: Announcing crossed streets, the stairs, bridges, tunnels, gates and bollards, which need to be passed on route; information about traffic signals on crosswalks; route numbers not announced for named routes.</li><li>If set to `wheelchair`, changes the defaults for `max_distance`, `walking_speed`, `step_penalty` and `max_grade` to be better aligned to the needs of wheelchair users. If you have blind wheelchair users, please use `blind` and override the defaults.</li></ul> Default `foot` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `type` | <ul><li>If set to `blind`, enables additional route instructions, especially useful for blind users: Announcing crossed streets, the stairs, bridges, tunnels, gates and bollards, which need to be passed on route; information about traffic signals on crosswalks; route numbers not announced for named routes.</li><li>If set to `wheelchair`, changes the defaults for `max_distance`, `walking_speed`, `step_penalty` and `max_grade` to be better aligned to the needs of wheelchair users.</li></ul> These two options are mutually exclusive. In case you want to combine them, please use `blind` and pass the options adjusted for `wheelchair` manually. Default `foot` |```

Author: your suggestion, but without the trailing dashes and with a "users" after wheelchair for more of a sentence ^^

```suggestion
| `type` | <ul><li>If set to `blind`, enables additional route instructions, especially useful for blind users: Announcing crossed streets, the stairs, bridges, tunnels, gates and bollards, which need to be passed on route; information about traffic signals on crosswalks; route numbers not announced for named routes.</li><li>If set to `wheelchair`, changes the defaults for `max_distance`, `walking_speed`, `step_penalty` and `max_grade` to be better aligned to the needs of wheelchair users.</li></ul> These two options are mutually exclusive. In case you want to combine them, please use `blind` and pass the options adjusted for `wheelchair` users manually. Default `foot` |
```

> | `type` | <ul><li>If set to `blind`, enables additional route instructions, especially useful for blind users: Announcing crossed streets, the stairs, bridges, tunnels, gates and bollards, which need to be passed on route; information about traffic signals on crosswalks; route numbers not announced for named routes.</li><li>If set to `wheelchair`, changes the defaults for `max_distance`, `walking_speed`, `step_penalty` and `max_grade` to be better aligned to the needs of wheelchair users.</li></ul> These two options are mutually exclusive. In case you want to combine them, please use `blind` and pass the options adjusted for `wheelchair` users manually. Default `foot` |

Author: Oops, did not noticed that `max_grade` is not currently a "real" option, but rather just a half-commented out stub ^^
=> lets not confuse users here 

```suggestion
| `type` | <ul><li>If set to `blind`, enables additional route instructions, especially useful for blind users: Announcing crossed streets, the stairs, bridges, tunnels, gates and bollards, which need to be passed on route; information about traffic signals on crosswalks; route numbers not announced for named routes.</li><li>If set to `wheelchair`, changes the defaults for `max_distance`, `walking_speed`, and `step_penalty` to be better aligned to the needs of wheelchair users.</li></ul> These two options are mutually exclusive. In case you want to combine them, please use `blind` and pass the options adjusted for `wheelchair` users manually. Default `foot` |
```
